Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to continue from where we stopped.
Okay, now what's in the special tie?
It's also do have a property known as children.
And for the first child is going to be a container with jets.
And we can give this container a height of some hundred and also a width.
We can just double dot infinity to take the available with space.
Okay.
And now we can have a declaration and a declaration in order to have access to a lot of property the
container has.
And now we can give this a colour of colours.
The sign.
That's fine.
And also, we can give this some opacity.
Of zero two.
This country needs to save.
And we check this out now.
Okay.
Click on this.
Sounds good.
So it was good.
Okay.
And now it's in the chart.
Sorry.
Within the container.
We can then have a chart.
Over a child.
And the child is going to be a column which has.
Colon.
And children is a safe and that's a format.
And while we can have a test widget, this is going to say name.
Name we can just add.
Plus, maybe.
So I think we're just going to use this type.
Okay.
It's necessary first and let's go check.
That's going to look like.
This is the riot.
And we tend to call.
We can then see cross assessments, cross assess alignment.
Dots start, okay.
And now we can have a dollar sign in order to concatenate a variable.
And it says.
And this is going to be the order and.
I think we have a field is going to check this customer name.
Okay.
Customer name.
So.
Is necessary.
And since school.
And how did you recover?
And what we can then do as we can.
Copy this.
And paste.
This is going to say email.
Address.
And we can pass this again.
And I think we have a field no less.
Email address.
Okay.
Email.
Well, Via.
So it's not there.
Email.
And this is going to say maybe phone.
Number and I think within that field.
We should have phone.
Okay.
Phone.
Use control and save and check this out.
Okay.
Sounds good.
And now we can have the address and I think we have that over.
Address this message if we do.
Jess.
Okay, we do have.
And we can pace this again.
And this is going to say address and I think we call that field address, but currently we have no address.
In the future.
Users are going to be able to have their address and also their phone number.
Address.
Okay.
And we also do need the payment status so we can just copy this.
And Pace and we are.
Prevent.
Statues.
Human statues.
And I think within the field, within the order we have.
10 minutes.
That's okay.
Payment status.
Taxes he's going to try to save.
Okay.
So school.
And.
Okay.
This is catch on delivery.
We can just add this and that.
Separated.
This as well.
This.
This is an effort to save.
And now we can have the delivery status.
Is this?
They live very.
Cities.
Okay.
And I think we have a field known as the league.
Various status.
Okay.
Good.
Check this out.
Delivery status.
Okay.
Then lastly.
We can have the SD estimated.
Estimated.
Estimated delivery date.
The delivery date.
And this is going to be I think we have a field known as delivery date.
I'm just going to check this.
Cruel.
Square.
Okay, we.
Hopefully we do.
So if we did.
I don't think we do.
I'm going to check that.
Payment.
Payment screen.
Delivery date.
Okay, we do.
This in the cockpit.
I think we have it over.
Okay.
We do.
Maybe I can't find it.
Well, maybe I can.
Says.
There's this.
Okay.
And hopefully we have theirs.
That means we do have it.
Okay.
That means we have it.
Delivery dates.
And currently I think we do not have any delivery dates.
And now what we can do is we can submit us elements minus elements.
Minus element of space evenly.
This.
Okay.
Some school.
Look, guys, see you in the next lecture.